meta: add requirement for signed-off-by statements (#31976)
nodejs/node: COLLABORATOR_GUIDE.md

## Contents

> - [Node.js Collaborator Guide](#nodejs-collaborator-guide)

Reviewer: Is there a reason to change `*` to `-`? If I'm not mistaken, they are equivalent in markdown and our linter enforces `*` over `-` so I would expect this to cause an error when running `make lint-md`.

Author: These were apparently changed automatically by one of the vscode plugins I have installed. Very annoying. I'll undo these

Reviewer: Oh, sure, blame it on the plugin. A LIKELY STORY!

>   - [Contents](#contents)

Reviewer: This line and the above line should not be included in the table of contents.

    reviewed the change.
    * Useful for @mentions / contact list if something goes wrong in the PR.
    * Protects against the assumption that GitHub will be around forever.
  * Required: A `Signed-off-by: Name <email>` line for each individual who
    contributed to the commit. This *should* be added by the contributors
    themselves, but *may* be added by the Collaborator landing the commit

>     only if the contributors agree to doing so in the PR discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    contributed to the commit. Commit authors should add these lines themselves.
    Collaborators may add them while landing if the author agrees in the PR
    discussion.
```

Side-note: Hooray for the new multi-line suggestions in GitHub!
